Magento 2.3.4 backward incompatible change (#6549)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.md

        );
...
```
## Customer data sections invalidation

> Magento 2.3.4 introduced a change in the customer data sections invalidation logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento 2.3.4 introduced a change in the invalidation logic of customer data sections.
```

Author: changed in source

### Issue

With the release of Magento 2.3.4, you can no longer invalidate custom customer sections in `etc/frontend/sections.xml` by declaring an action node without specifying any related sections.

Here’s an example of a typical usage. This usage is no longer compatible with deployments running Magento 2.3.4:

```xml
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
        xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Customer:etc/sections.xsd">
    <action name="customer/account/logout"/>
</config>
```

Deployments that use custom customer sections with this type of action invalidation may face an issue when private content isn’t entered correctly. As a result, problems may occur in the storefront checkout and cart workflows.

### Workaround

For all actions where it is required to invalidate custom customer sections, use either `*` as the section name or use empty actions and ensure that they will not be overridden by any other rules.

> For all actions where it is required to invalidate custom customer sections, use either `*` as the section name or use empty actions and ensure that they will not be overridden by any other rules.

Reviewer: Delete this duplicate line.

Author: done

Example:

```xml
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
        xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:module:Magento_Customer:etc/sections.xsd">
    <action name="customer/account/editPost">
        <section name="*"/>
    </action>
</config>
```

> See [Private content](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/cache/page-caching/private-content.html) for information on how to invalidate private content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Private content]({{page.baseurl}}/extension-dev-guide/cache/page-caching/private-content.html) for information on how to invalidate private content.
```

Author: changed in source file
